[Music]
What's up my kids welcome one
more day to your channel to watch
while you're in the bathroom doing
your things I've just been informed by
a very reliable means of communication that
Candy Kraft's shares are
falling since people enjoy
my videos each in their own way it's not
serious I mean in my videos they provoke
many reactions both for good and
for bad I remember when HIV's girlfriend
said that watching my videos she
let off steam and that way she could release the
feelings that she had when she had her
period and well without further ado if many pass by
because the video is loaded and also we
now have a promo but without further ado if you did
n't know me click the
subscribe button please click the
subscribe button you have it there it's very nice
free it gives you find out about all the
garbage on the internet feed my ego and
well today we're going to talk about a very
controversial video from one of the most
controversial characters on the internet and our Dallas
that Dallas has uploaded a video
answering and giving a slap on the
wrist to the controversial channels to the
salt channels you are the most important  from
youtube well maybe I've come a
little high to the most powerful channels
of salcedo hasn't said anything either
jordi gual with playful today I don't know what's wrong with me
but I came in the mood for whatsapp
so with these types of jokes the level
of the video can only rise
by responding to all the
recent controversies with the clowns and the
entire circus this wonderful video that he
just gave us he uploaded to his channel
dallas sin filtros the controversy channel
where he has to filter out the swear words
because otherwise I would have to throw away the
videos literally footprints he did it
how can you hypersexualize someone who
voluntarily dedicated themselves to stubbornness and
what the [ __ ] are you talking to me and as you can see
in the thumbnail it says a video all
taken I
don't understand this need on the part of all the controversy channels in which I include myself to feel that they have humiliated well more than humiliated that they have taken as the thumbnail says they have taken others I consider that this is an intense debate and a constant and endless debate in
which sometimes depending on
our point of view we can be
right and then they can be right  others in
fact I in many of my videos when I
'm reviewing them over time
but if they're too long some of them
embarrass me but it often happens to me
that I change my mind and the thing is that I
think it also depends a little on the
moment in life in which he asked us and it does
n't seem extremely important to me other
than for the ego but well I
'm also a little the same it's not a problem the
point is that Dallas wanted to upload
this video to take to the salt channels
[Music]
wait before continuing family I'm
pleased to say that this video is
sponsored by ride shadow ley it's a
game that has been talked about on several
occasions and by the way you always like it a
lot every time I recommend it ride
has a player base that already
numbers in the millions it has been bringing
new content periodically for years it's
a turn-based role-playing game with a ton
of characters so you can choose
which one you feel most like a true
experience that will make you feel like you
're playing on a small console
inside your mobile favorite champions
after a while testing are the
following and all a legendary champion
with two very powerful attacks one that
hits super hard and leaves enemies very weak
and another one that always
crits definitely in the milk and
then I also really like cali
an epic champion warm is a
character that likes to burn things
does an insane amount of damage and
is also capable of reducing the
enemy's healing without a doubt an
incredible character to have on your team this
is the third anniversary of raid and there are some great things
coming but while we wait and you
know the first skins that have been released
just now look very cool in fact the
arbiter character already has a few the
most expensive ones allow you to modify the
appearance of a champion as you
like personally this is the one
I like the most and if you were
considering it this is the best time for
you to download rai click on the
link that I leave you in the description or
scan my qr code you will get a
free starter pack that is
valued at no more and no less than 140
dollars link in the description the
qr code that you have on the screen we are
talking about three free champions at
once mercy eagle soul and rosemary 10
magic xp 10 strength x 10 spirits which
is crazy  all these rewards are
waiting for you here available for the
next 30 days and only for
new players with no other family I leave you with the
milestone video that is coming strong and thanks
to raid shadow legend for sponsoring this
video as you will
surely have proof and also on this channel it has been
dealt with very intensely and we have lived
very constantly and we have been very up to
date with all the dallas anime since
2010 9 I would say the beginning of 2019 the
end of 2018 the image of dallas
both personal and professional is
rapidly leaning upwards it is
rapidly leaning upwards
because the guy is cleaning up his image
wonderfully he is giving some
very good arguments that of course
adding to the fact that everything that has been said
about him is being shown to be a lie and there
are many people who are redeeming themselves from
the blows that have been given to him among which I
include myself and in addition to the fact that he has an
impeccable way of defending himself that this
makes him go from being the punching bag of the
internet and the meme to a
truly respected person and one that all
people were gaining respect for even well
on this channel you have seen that there
were four [ __ ] left and sorry for
the word but there were literally
four [ __ ] left that we had as a
meme like clowns in fact what they are that
continued with the errequeerre little story
of dallas abusing farts and
reiterating dallas simply because they
were sick of him on this channel
we have seen it or rather there were four
[ __ ] left and they were pathetic and not
only that but when he wants to he
proposes the videos he makes as
information and as research and
as reasoning are brutal and we are not
only talking about the
salsa field in which he can expose another
youtuber or some such move and not already
in the serious field I can give you as an
example the amazon video that video
is Catalan cream well Catalan not
Canarian and as a youtube salsa I
can give as an example the video the
wind and the video the wind and in fact it
would be very good if you reviewed it and
took a look at the things you
say in that video because the truth is that
the video was  [ __ ] great the
thing is that in the last few months I would
n't know how to say what the
turning point is there are a lot of people who blame it on the
stress of being on ohl but more
than blaming it on the stress of being on ohl but I think more than blaming it on
the stress of being on ohl I think it's the stress of being on ohl or that which explodes
even more I think there was a moment when
after having gone through
everything that had happened and of feeling
totally isolated from all the
internet communities they practically
bullied her because if we can talk
about bullying after feeling beaten
maybe seeing herself accepted and seeing how the
sock turned around and that she also
had some arguments and why not
say it a very good way to demonstrate her
intelligence and her reason and she saw that
people suddenly that's why the sock turns around
and turned against the
people who previously triumphed in
arguments for example with michu it's
undeniable that we michu in 2017
anything she said didn't need
much effort for people to put their
balls on when uy made that video
completely full of lies that you
simply had to analyze it
seriously and stop to compare some
things with others investigate a little
to  realize that everything was a lie
everyone knelt down to witt michu
the video was shared by channels and
youtubers who don't care it's supposed to be
a seo postcard and the video was shared
it was supported by everyone simply
because it was against the victim of bullying
at the institute and as the months went by
win michu's argument was
completely destroyed so much so that today
win michu's credibility is on the
public ground anything he says to
wind michu is already put into question I even
think that he has become a bit of a meme and
not only a meme but there are many
people who seriously repudiate him his image is
right now on the floor he has
completely turned around and I think that dallas at
some point has come up with it and
sees himself capable of canceling any
youtuber who has vacillated him that yes I do
not justify the mockery of course
you know that I defend him but you cannot
put on the same level anyone who has
vacillated you with people like for example
win michu a point wise oliveira
evidently the cancellation is not always going to turn out
well for you so in some
things he was there so so  and this is
causing not
only his image to be damaged but it could even
affect his credibility because
if he does things like
the last thing we saw with the
blond guy and Windi when he really wants to
defend himself people are not going to take him
seriously and this of course is not an
attack nothing could be further from the truth
this is completely constructive you know
that I appreciate him in fact I think
I'm one of those people who can
calmly say at the youtuber level that
apart from the one who has helped the most to
clean up his image and it's simply that
what people want is for him not to lose his
way and to return to the path he was
taking and well without further ado
mother of God without further ado let's take
action and let's take a look at
this video I have a feeling that dealing with
the fools inside I feel that the day
that then out because on top of that a
bunch of disgusting failed clowns
who are there all day long talk
and talk to you nicely they talk to you about
Dallas when I tell them well let's talk
face to face with me to see if you dare
then like how he
is referring to here when he challenges
people who criticize
debate and normally do not usually accept
debates or have a hard time with it, that is
precisely what we were watching live
the video that turbo plan made a
year later about the debate and now
turbo plan is trying to justify himself to
try to turn around and reverse the
result of the debate because he was not
satisfied with the result and the impression it
gave you can also make him get
out of the police but it is too late the
debate now has more than a million
views between my channel and
turbo's channel and these things happen in their time you
can make him get out of the post
but you are not going to cause the same effect the
thing is that it is true that there are
many people who want to debate us with
dallas I imagine that he also says it a
little because of an author who, being honest,
naut, he made excuses for not attending
an 8-way debate without justice having
spoken, you accuse him directly, tdv,
deplorable people and it is because of them that I
asked you for legal evidence that
this was true or well, you know what he
said, give it a share in a live broadcast that
this only condition is not  can meet I do
n't know if if you want it call the
people call it people whatever but
really he didn't put the excuses that weren't
going to be met what he did was put
some conditions that couldn't be
met to accept a debate when to
challenge them to a debate I
personally believe that if you are
completely sure that you have all
the chances to win an argument there is no
problem in landing a debate it doesn't matter if
you are better or worse at handling yourself live
that you have like Dallas you have not
been in some debates like
the one about awkward questions or according to what
Riki said recently that he
proposed the challenge to a debate to
discuss the topic of Uruguay in public and
Dallas did not want to give the excuse that he did
not want to make him famous and it also
seems to me in the course and he offered him a
public debate he told me that he did not have the
balls to do it he said no no no everything
we talk about is going to be in private I don't know that I am
not going to let him profit from you well and
once again really and I say this
trying to be as realistic as possible I do
not understand either that he does not want to
debate because you are not going to be able to
defend yourself well or because  you think
you have it all with you in the end while
I keep the subject private of
course and we have more or less some
terms that I think are logical in
coexistence and the written rules
between youtubers in the end everything is
content and if you do a debate and it goes
well or it goes badly in the end he has created
content on content bases he is going to
create more content for a week
all the rest of us are also going to get
burned I mean if they look bad in a debate
then a week later they forget about it I
personally believe that I have always
accepted any type of debate
unless it is a youtuber with 50
subscribers who obviously smells like
miles away that he is doing it
and that I have nothing to debate with him and
that I care about the public his existence
or that I don't even know him but
normally I think that I have accepted all types of
debates and I have to admit that
some more went well and some more
went badly but in the end they have given me
food that in the end I say them when it
went the most wrong I have not lost my job on
youtube that's it nothing happens what happened
there are many debates that talk mentable to
this day I have removed from the map  what i
did with dallas because I see it and
elsa vialidades it makes me feel so
embarrassed and yes it's true that
for example in some others I may have
even been right but having gotten
heated up having lost my form well it
hasn't turned out very well let's say
but as I tell you I don't give it much
importance I am making
many videos to one person who accepted the
debate it's like the channel but it works I know I
have haters who was dedicated to
making 800 thousand videos for me but then when you
talk to him about a debate he starts to tremble
and gets on top of me really if you can
make me edited videos because it's not a
clear debate because you talk to muse if
all the theater falls on you there also then there are
also us who continue to
say it about why the dallas of the past
are pieces of clowns and he's talking about
naut the both the good thing about the debate
may talk about now termas turbo plan
with title plan also took a while I can't
think of other people who
have refused to debate with dallas pears
that he called is saying the author of the
past and the author  of the present and so on
he is somewhat typical of the now ter channel
in fact I think he is an icon yes it is
true that the author's criticisms for
my taste sometimes go a little too far as to say they have
something personal there they already have
everything there is everyone among them less
less hugs let's not say it I understand it
can happen to me with other people in
fact I think that maybe a lot of people
like that with the Dallas of the past
the Dallas of the present
basically refers to the click that they take out to
hit or give a sack to Dallas with things
that say now what would be of my videos if
not to use the time machine and
invoke the one from the past come on
defend it all at some point in
our lives we have made mistakes in
some of our relationships family
friendship couple anything the only
difference is that you those mistakes
that you have had you have never had
more than a million people there behind you
to remind you day after day and go to bed
in all places
really the click that I am often
amazed how much he asked you had to
swallow
how many hours how many hours you
had to swallow to find those
things and really we are taking clips
of cases that  they have nothing to do with
a clip of something that I may have said
about a specific case they are trying to
bring in for something that I'm doing now
as you realize that they are
different things that you value different things
depending on the case but always that same
stupid fallacy regarding what you
are right here gives that there are times
when they get click comparing it with click of the
present that have nothing to do there are
some times when I agree
with this statement and there are others that it is not
what I am telling you it depends on the
tiny number of people who have a channel and their audience
there are some aces that are quite valid
and that is undeniable like for example
when they compare when Dallas was offended
by the hosting of gameplay and that it was
terrible not the hosting that Juan
Guarnizo did to him for not being in being
Osh and so on and they compare it with a video from
not long ago of Dallas
defining Juan Guarnizo precisely
because the and Agostina to the one so radical
simply wants to limit contact
and has to limit contact slowly
so as not to have so much contact with them
who also do not have a problem for  the
fact and being with you means
burning bridges is located closing doors
because you have to be the door
simply I don't want to get away from you and
each one on their own because it is necessary to
be so abrupt it is not necessary and this is
looking for a direct confrontation for
example the click of Dallas criticizing
Kimberley's operations which was a click
from 2019 more or less when precisely he
was criticizing Arica simple the
same as this woman is inflated
is inflated she appears the one from
Sauber
[Laughter]
[Music]
but nevertheless there are other comparisons
and others here that really make me
want to pull my
balls out every time they compare and this
has happened a lot in the last week what
happens with him clashes with what Dallas has done
if Dallas has lost his temper in
an afternoon video or with what
Choco has done with the multi account I repeat to you
involved in the hair of the balls it is
evident because after everything that
has happened with Choco this week that
the case is quite similar not the two  you
could say that they have a problem and
that they can't stand that there are people or that they
have random haters from twitter that
say things to them and they can't control themselves
and they have to respond to them even
look at the things that they say the
barbarities you have to realize that
this is a problem the only difference
is that in the case of chocas he has
recognized it there have not been people who have
said that he has a problem and in the case
of dallas he is not able to recognize that he
really has a problem and that he gives
too much importance to the haters and that
this does not allow him to be happy in his life
so the turbo plan the only difference
between what happened last year and what happened with
choca the only difference is that
chocas has recognized his mistake and
dallas is not capable he already has balls to
compare one thing with the other what
one has gone through what the other has gone through
is that in fact I would like him to
explain to me what
happened to chocas because he exploded what they
did to him when he crashed he did not
explode when he crashed they did not do anything to him
the only thing they have  done for
a year with him in the balls when crashing
the only thing that happens to him is that they
caught him with the ice cream cart
that he had multi-account to eat his
balls like that and to criticize his
friends and when crashing they were not
telling him even remotely the things they
do to Dallas nor is the
entire internet doing it and he is the punching bag of the
entire internet and they are making the
same accusations to him the only thing they are
telling him is that he does not play a little
game well or to give the other example
of clicking that I also do not see is not what he
is referring to
so that you understand it is this famous click of this famous debate that makes me very ashamed it really makes me feel ashamed of this debate that is creepy that you have a video living that I cheated on him and if Conan puts it in the
title of the video that is crawling and Ximo
Lloyd is that you do not mess with Liz and hit
my mother if hard to and if in the
same you will tell me what it is to me it
seems like a fact I was not even there
to affirm it he
followed me  giving pasta having it in
public but I really give myself things
what a review they gave me and really what I'm
telling you this is an example of click
that they put on it and this clip is not
comparable it looks very good in the video or
rather to mother in the video and
in the end it's the game of youtube and the
game of the videos that we cross and
each one plays their cards but really
and to be fair the cli has nothing to
do with it when dallas is telling me there
in that debate that I was not present
because I was stating things for which I
had no proof nor was I present
and he was because it was his life if you take this
out on dallas for example in things
like aito's or things like 8 or
things that he has not been present but he
says we'll see but he says he has
proof we don't know what proof it is let's
wait for him to make the video then
we judge and we are not going to judge either because
we are not judges but well we can give our
opinion there are times when you can know
things without having been there we don't know if they have
shown him audio captures we don't
know two it is really the cli not
comparable because he is not talking to us
about  his life and I was stating things
about his life without being present and the tsje
is present and in the other issue that we are
putting the clean we do not know if
he has or does not have reliable things even if he is
not present
but basically there may be
times when you can state
things without having been present and
basically if you have those things and you
can prove things like I say this is not going to
sound strong but you can not have the
presumption of innocence towards someone
because you can state things it has
happened to me I will give an example but it has
happened to me and nobody has complained obviously
I am not perfect at some point
maybe in the past I have said things with which
maybe now I do not agree I
always try to do a lot of
introspection because I analyze
myself constantly I know what I say
at what time for what thing not for nothing they do
not want to accept a debate with me these
clowns and cowards of the balls because they
know perfectly well that they do not beat me and not
because they manipulate it has been because the
word is rich mine for example with
rugby they can take out a clip of mine from
2013 already commented a million  sometimes
like a stupid fallacy here he's
talking about the famous clip that they
always remind him of, I mean I think
someone, let's say the guy who recorded that clip
and they've been taking it out for the whole decade, he must be
jerking off every
time that clip comes out because I
mean
if we're really being honest and
true to the truth, Dallas has already admitted
that it disgusts him to see himself in that clip, that he
regrets having said it and that of
course it doesn't represent him today
when I've screwed up I don't have the
same problem, I don't hesitate to
ask for forgiveness when what I did was
disgusting and this video simply
has no justification. I've
talked about this video in the past but don't worry, I'm
going to talk about it again when I was
17 and 18 I was
constantly doing live streams saying really
stupid things and what I don't know is how there aren't
more videos still saying more about me
when I was a teenager, they've talked about the fact that
very few people followed me back
then I said a ton of
super exaggerated stupid things in live streams,
especially talking about a game that was
LOL well in this live stream  he was so
disgusting that I'm
completely ashamed of it
now I don't know at least 10 years old
and in the middle of a live stream that
wasn't even an edited video talking
a bunch of nonsense I say this is
disgusting sity I was talking about
the horns that Miley Cyrus put on
her father and I said that I would give her peace a
little later in this same live stream
but nobody will bring that up because it's well
cut out and I like it to be well he
has it that the [ __ ] people to my face I
apologize and say that I got carried away but in this
same live stream he's also saying a
bunch of nonsense like
a lot of other things but I don't
justify it unlike you droz it doesn't
occur to me at any moment to say it's just that it
was dark humor I didn't say [ __ ]
nonsense when I was that
age and also that a totally
different person was a disgusting pubescent much
more toxic than I am now I have never
been there is a big difference between you and
me droz besides that this garbage  that they are
taking out the son were 17 18 years old he
had your garbage you did it as you
were already approaching 30 when he says
this garbage in the same live I
apologize for the stupidity that I had just
said and never never in my life have I
said such a tremendous stupidity never and I
regret it a lot I have been
apologizing for years depor was good after all
that clip they finished them to give him
the sack that he continues making jokes of
that type for example here there is one just now
and it
disgusts me a lot this woman is
crazy in fact if someone
had messed with him for those clips I
would have defended him and you know it and I know that
he is going to continue insisting that it is not the
same because the blond harassed windy and
that the blond ruined wind's career and
a thousand things like that and no me really when I
saw the clip of the blond when dale
shared it on his twitter which was the
first time I saw it so I said you
unfortunate but everyone already
knew that that client has manipulated yes it
is true that he plays the joke that  I would
accept if she wanted a fight
with Winding but then the other part
where Second jokes with them about how he would
hit her he started making jokes about
how he would hit her yes jokes about how to
hit a girl who is 20
centimeters shorter than that it's about him
colliding and already knowing the whole internet is
about him colliding he has continued with the
refrain and no no no nothing happens it's a
complete and ripollet and this really is
that joke it could be on me my
areola antonia and I would not be scandalized or it
could be they have told the one about
loves that she is also a person
that I have affection and appreciation for and I would not get
angry and in fact no one will get
angry if Windy had done it to
Rubio and not Rubio no harassment to Wind and he
responded to the videos that she made and
the moves that she did
legitimately seeking fame with some
mockery Rubio humility bad in fact on
one occasion they asked him about Wind and
in the chat and he acted crazy I
appreciate that you see what happened and if you can
support the right side no  to bullying
or cheating online
[Music]
wind nobody is interested in your channel or
your pit bikes can you let us enjoy
a video please
[Music]
but if a woman feels super
harassed she doesn't send all her followers to
rugby to
invite her to an event or run after him at
an event in Los Angeles to
ask him for some photos no guys we are not going to we are not
going to admit things that are not true
if you notice all this is always a
story that repeats itself time has given
time at a certain point this
skate ball was created against me and at a certain
point it became calling me that violin
yes but that was this [ __ ] and
when they saw that it could not be done anymore they
said good but other things because
there is a large community of people
against me because they do not like the things that I say
with the world obviously it is not the
same to have a children's toys channel
that had a channel of things that
criticized of course that will always
give it like that internal axis public for the
type of content that I do and for a
way of being you are right in what you are
saying there is a large community that are
hater but not only a large
community like youtubers I think it's being
repeated more to a part
of the audience on a global level there is
a large community that is
sick with Dallas and it really
seems that they live it and that it affects them
inside and that they need to
give for what they are saying no longer with
fart things and not that deep down
also another deep down the background they
have is to take away his
credibility in everything so that also
when he has his defense in this type of
things he doesn't have it either in fact many
continue to sow like the shadow of
doubt and shady things with him I hope there
are also a series of youtubers
that we right now I'm not going to
mention any but we have
exposed on these channels on mine and on
my secondary channel that are ridiculous
that then you upload them to debate because I
have uploaded them to debate all or almost everything
because some have not accepted me and
are not able to support their arguments
because many times they are gay that
what they do is how do they know that there is that
type of audience and with that only type of
audience  with which they see them they sue those
people to be able to boost the channel a little bit
and even so many times not even
that is scraping 22 dollars but it is
true that
some even do and this has already explained
a puzzle with absurd arguments that they are
taking from their comment boxes,
that is, they see what the masses think, it is
disgusting people and they put together the puzzle
and they form based on that
in their video script and then you upload it to
a debate and they are not able to maintain it
because they themselves do not know why they are having that
opinion, really if there are
channels like that but really there are also
channels that simply
contradict Dallas on specific points
because they do not agree and even
like him as he is saying in this
click it is a channel that is critical, it has to
accept that they criticize it for a certain
family member I already have a mixed live, it seems to
know how long it lasts, I have it alive, okay and I
am making it super viral, it is to continue
lying when I am for whatever reason,
no matter what, the fact that I am not alive, if I do not
talk about that I am even creating anything
that I have to talk about myself
here  I think he knows not even a little bit above
yes it is true that dalai that is
completely undeniable he contributes a lot
to the salsa community not only
of those who stir up the most hornets' nest but
really the salsa scene on youtube will not
be the same without dallas he alone
moves a lot and raises a
lot of controversy that for channels like
mine dalla's assistance is
wonderful literally or I mean it is not
undeniable for better or for worse
but man the salsero would continue to
exist without dallas maybe we would
have less weaker ones of another type
but there are many times we don't only
upload videos of dallas it always happens
that after a friend and if I don't
exist because there is nothing to talk
about me then they devour each other they are
like that they are the most scarcely toxic in the
world but then they talk about other
toxic ones I think he is referring to
channels that only have visits
when they talk about hey you will make dallas and
when they grab on to whatever to hit him
but to hit him there are
sal channels I think we have many
themes okay I mean  yours leaves me
half of the topics a day because I can't handle
everything because I have I don't know how many
channels and on top of that I make salsa for
your grandmothers too or for example there
is my dear gossip youtube which is
informative okay there are channels that are coming
out like gossip youtube which
are informative and they give the news and the
touch of opinion and that's it but I
understand that here it is
only referring to
regrettable channels there is a click that I see that
has not entered here in the edited video but
I put the audio
[Music]
maybe it had
and in this one I think the other one is screwed
the south is looking to explain to us
why but the south there was a time when
even well even Dallas I
ask him that I think he will confirm it
but I think Dallas I ask him what
but those videos have already been deleted from
what I see I don't know why it is and for fear of
not being extracted things like that
but the south dedicated himself for a time
to reacting to videos of Dallas from the
galaxy from my air too and a lot
even but he also reacted to
all the anime  complete in which he didn't
count affection but he contributed a lot
to the reactions boxes because he exposed
the videos he put his face in the corners and
in many occasions his summary lasted
two or three minutes more than the
original video and on top of that he put thumbnails that
the fair had they recommended the video and he
could make you understand perfectly
that it wasn't a reaction but that it was the
original video of the protagonists and not
only that but well on some
occasions he even goes through the chat
of his tweets look at a video on his
main channel that Dallas has passed through the
channel of his tweets okay now all that was
missing was Dallas to like a
tweet and frame it in his room and
put it in the back Dallas feels that I know what
turn he is a super hater and he doesn't
disrespect the south he disrespects us at
all or slander or anything like that
but I understand that Dallas may feel
certain changes certain comments that
bother them on their part because no matter how
lukewarm the south is which it is, yes, he
also had some regular comments
with affection but for example Ubuntu and
what he put saying that  the video of win
michu this last one that he made that was
very well structured and a plan if it can
be very well structured but the
truth is I don't think it's appropriate for
each group to see what they want but I don't
think it's very appropriate to applaud a video that
is very well scripted by
his lawyer but what he did in the
video was worse than the first one be it the
video the wind and his second one I think it
was worse than the first one because they
acquitted him in court and he manipulated people
to think that he was absorbed
because everything he said about Dallas was
true there are all the accusations he
proved them know how not like that it wasn't
then I understand each side such a
personal issue well lee it hurts him yes it's
true that I absolutely do not support that
Dallas is doing things like
for example putting brings people
not only on YouTube but he has
put stress on the
twitter account by putting thumbnails of
Dallas' face we are totally against that
and in fact he is also
totally against that and nothing until
here today's video family I hope that
nobody has felt  attacked or
offended with this we have talked a little
I have tried to be as objective as possible
with all the colleagues and I really think that
the point is that the point is that it
feels a little that people
have not come to understand what people
have not come to understand because of what has
happened and what has happened is very serious
you know that I give all the importance
in the world and all the importance that
deserves to what has happened to him and
nobody can deny this to me but there are times when he
wants it to seem like he has the
need to cancel other
youtubers who may have done
reprehensible things but not so serious as to deserve to be
canceled it's like he wants
people to try the medicine that
he has tried and that well it's not always
going to turn out well for him because there are things that are
reprehensible but that are not going to
sink some other youtubers
but well these already these issues I am already
analyzing them to comment on them in
each case each case individually in
this last one that has happened well,
I, the thing about the blonde, the thing about the blonde there is no
way that I see it badly we could go
into many points that I have said in  my
own videos although I have also
made videos criticizing Wind and we could
get into the point that people have
gone too far with it hey with Winding
but it would be an issue to have in the case
I hope you liked the video
family I hope you give it a light I hope you
share I hope with you subscribe I
hope to find you in my bed tonight
and I will give you a kiss see you
[Music]